feat: introducing "copy_terraform_lock_file" to fine tune Lock File Handling (#2889)
gruntwork-io/terragrunt: docs/_docs/04_reference/config-blocks-and-attributes.md

    can specify that in this list to ensure it gets copied over to the scratch copy
    (e.g., `include_in_copy = [".python-version"]`).

- `copy_terraform_lock_file` (attribute): In certain use cases, you don't want to check the terraform provider lock
  file into your source repository from your working directory as described in

>   [Lock File Handling]({{site.baseurl}}/docs/features/lock-file-handling/). This attribute allows you disabling the copy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [Lock File Handling]({{site.baseurl}}/docs/features/lock-file-handling/). This attribute allows you to disable the copy
```
